pwp
===

Pewps store all your passwords without storing them anywhere.

How it works:

	1. You enter a passphrase
		- you have to remember the passphrase.

	2. The output is a four digit response code. It is a checksum of your passphrase.
		- you should remember the respons code so that you can see if you entered the passphrase correctly.

	3. You are then asked to a door id.
		- This can be for example an email address. The door id can be public. You can write down all your door without compromizing your security.

	4. Given a door id the response is a password.
		- The password is generated by combining the hash of the passphrase and the door id creating a new hash that then becomes the password.

	Whenever you have the same pass phrase and the same door id, you get the same password. You can have virually endless amout of passwords.

	None of these passwords are ever stored. The passphrase is not a master password to some stored list of passwords.

	Ther is much room for improvement in this script. I wrote it to help an extremely forgetfull person to manage alot of passwords without compromising security. The password quality is just adequate, but I think the idea has potential to be very secure. Mabe it can even be integrated in the browser like an purely automatic password manager that you can take with you from one os install / phone to another without the export import which is also a very stressfull complicated task for people with reduced memory abilities. You can say that this script is for people who store passwords on paper in secret places because they cannot possibly remember all of them.

